Document the climate platform for Ouman EH-800 (#45572)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/ouman_eh_800.markdown

## Supported functionality

The integration creates one **Ouman EH-800** device for the controller and one sub-device for each active heating circuit. Sub-devices are named **Heating circuit 1** and **Heating circuit 2** (referred to as H1 and H2 throughout this document and on the controller), with the circuit name configured on the controller appended when available (for example, `Heating circuit 1 Radiator heating`). Climate, number, select, sensor, and valve entities are assigned to the device they belong to.

### Climate entities

The integration exposes one climate entity per active heating circuit that has a room sensor installed. The entity reports the room temperature and lets you adjust the room temperature setpoint.

> The HVAC mode shown on the climate card reflects the heating circuit's operation mode: **Heat** when the controller is running a mode that uses the room temperature setpoint, **Off** otherwise. The three heating sub-modes that use the setpoint (**Automatic**, **Temperature drop**, **Big temperature drop**) are exposed as **presets**. Switching the HVAC mode to **Heat** defaults the heating preset to **Automatic**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HVAC mode shown on the climate card reflects the heating circuit's operation mode: **Heat** when the controller is running a mode that uses the room temperature setpoint, **Off** otherwise. The three heating sub-modes that use the setpoint (**Auto**, **Temperature drop**, **Big temperature drop**) are exposed as **Preset mode**. Switching the HVAC mode to **Heat** defaults the preset mode to **Auto**.
```
Is automatic still accurate?

Author: No it isn't, good catch. Thanks
